GIGYA SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT KIT LICENSE AGREEMENT

Copyright (C) 2015 Gigya, Inc. All rights reserved.

Note: By clicking “I AGREE,” downloading, installing, or using the SDK (as defined
below), you agree to be legally bound to the terms of this license agreement (the
“Agreement”) with Gigya, Inc., 2513 East Charleston Road, Suite 200, Mountain View, CA
94043 (“Gigya”), and you represent and warrant that you have entered into a Gigya
Member Agreement or other agreement with Gigya pursuant to which you have subscribed
for Gigya’s customer identity management services, and which agreement is currently in
effect. If you disagree with any of the terms in this Agreement, then do not use the
SDK. The terms “you” and “Company” shall refer, jointly and severally, to you
individually and any organization on whose behalf you act. The term “SDK” shall mean
the Gigya software development kit, including any subsequent updates or upgrade made
available to Company, and any associated documentation, software code, or other
materials made available by Gigya.

1. Intended Purpose. Gigya provides this SDK for the sole intended purpose of allowing
Company to better integrate Gigya’s services with Company’s internal networks and/or
systems (the “Company Integration”).

2. Use Rights. Subject to Company’s compliance with the terms of this Agreement,
Company may download, install, and use the SDK on its devices, networks or systems
solely for use in connection with the Company Integration, as stated above in Section 1.

3. Restrictions. Except as set forth above, Company may not (i) modify, distribute,
sell, lease, rent, lend, or sublicense the SDK (or any copy or portion thereof), (ii)
pre-install or embed applications created using this SDK on third-party devices, (iii)
use the SDK to create, design, or develop anything other than Company Integration(s),
(iv) modify, create derivative works of, reverse engineer, reverse compile, disassemble
the SDK, except and only to the extent that applicable law expressly permits, despite
this limitation (in which case Company shall provide Gigya with prior notification and
the opportunity to respond), or (v) use the SDK in any manner to (a) circumvent any
technical or licensing restrictions of Gigya services, (b) upload or otherwise transmit
any material containing software viruses or other computer code, files or programs
designed to interrupt, destroy, or limit the functionality of any software or hardware,
(c) use the SDK or any of its features to invade the privacy of any person or otherwise
violate any law, including, but not limited to, by usage of GPS functionality,
location/tracking services, etc.

4. Feedback. Company may, from time to time, provide feedback, suggestions or ideas to
Gigya concerning the SDK or Gigya’s services including, without limitation, identifying
potential errors and improvements (“Feedback”). Feedback which is provided by Company to
Gigya in connection with this Agreement may be used by Gigya to improve or enhance
future versions of the SDK or Gigya’s services and, accordingly, Gigya shall have a
non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty-free, worldwide right and license to use,
reproduce, disclose, sublicense, modify, make, have made, distribute, sell, offer for
sale, display, perform, create derivative works, permit distribution and otherwise
exploit such Feedback without restriction.

5. Termination. This Agreement shall continue as long as Company is an active customer
of Gigya and is in compliance with the terms specified herein, or until otherwise
terminated. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon thirty days written notice if
the other party is in material breach of any term of this Agreement. Company agrees,
upon termination, to immediately destroy all copies of the SDK within the Company’s
possession or control. The following Sections survive any termination of this Agreement:
Sections 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 and 10.

6. Ownership. The SDK is licensed, not sold. Gigya reserves all other rights not granted
herein. The parties acknowledge that Gigya or its licensors retain complete ownership of
all Intellectual Property Rights (as defined below) in and to the SDK. Nothing in this
Agreement will be construed to transfer or assign any Intellectual Property Rights of
either party to the other. "Intellectual Property Rights" means any and all rights under
patent law, copyright law, trade secret law, trademark law, and any and all other
proprietary rights.

7. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES. THE SDK IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY WARRANTIES OF ANY
KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, GIGYA DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED
WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS, OR
THAT THE SDK WILL BE ACCURATE, FREE OF ERRORS OR DEFECTS, FREE OF VIRUSES OR
CONTAMINATION, UNINTERRUPTED OR THAT ANY DEFECTS WILL BE CORRECTED.

8. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO
EVENT WILL GIGYA BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, LOSS OF USE,
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF DATA, OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES RELATING TO THE SDK OR THIS AGREEMENT, UNDER ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, PRODUCT LIABILITY, OR OTHERWISE.
GIGYA’S TOTAL LIABILITY RELATING TO THE SDK OR THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT, IN ANY EVENT,
EXCEED US$100.00. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED
BY APPLICABLE LAW, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER GIGYA HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF
SUCH DAMAGES AND REGARDLESS OF WHETHER ANY REMEDY FAILS OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE.

9. INDEMNIFICATION. Company shall defend, indemnify, and hold harmless Gigya and its
affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees, contractors, agents, and
end users (“Indemnified Parties”) against any third party claim, suit, or proceeding
(“Claim”) and any liability, damage, loss, cost, and expenses (including attorney's
fees) arising from the Claim (“Damages”) threatened or brought against any Indemnified
Party  regarding (a) Company’s use of the SDK and (b) any Company Integration developed
therefrom.

10. General.

10.1 Governing Law/Venue. This Agreement will be governed and interpreted in accordance
with the laws of the State of California, without regard to conflict of law principles.
Venue for any legal action is proper in the state courts of Santa Clara County,
California, and the federal courts of the Northern District of California and each party
expressly consents to venue and jurisdiction of those courts.

10.2 Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned in whole or in part, by operation of
law or otherwise, by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.
Notwithstanding the forgoing, Gigya may assign this Agreement in connection with a
merger, a corporate reorganization, or the transfer of all or substantially all of the
assets of the business to which this Agreement relates. This Agreement will bind and
inure to the benefit of the parties and their permitted assigns.

10.3 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the
parties pertaining to the subject matter hereof.

10.4 Relationship of Parties. The relationship of the parties during the term of this
Agreement is that of independent third parties.

10.5 Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is found to be unenforceable or
invalid, that provision shall be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary
so that this Agreement shall otherwise remain in full force and effect.
